Update Gardener to use latest DWD APIs (#6693)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/seed_settings.md

## Dependency Watchdog

Gardenlet can deploy two instances of the [dependency-watchdog](https://github.com/gardener/dependency-watchdog) into the `garden` namespace of the seed cluster.

> One instance only activates the `endpoint` controller (a.k.a weeder) while the second instance only activates the `cluster` controller (a.k.a prober).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One instance only activates the weeder while the second instance only activates the prober.
```

> ### Endpoint Controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Weeder
```

> The `endpoint` controller (weeder) helps to alleviate the delay where control plane components remain unavailable by finding the respective pods in CrashLoopBackoff status and restarting them once their dependants become ready and available again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The weeder helps to alleviate the delay where control plane components remain unavailable by finding the respective pods in `CrashLoopBackoff` status and restarting them once their dependants become ready and available again.
```

For example, if `etcd` goes down then also `kube-apiserver` goes down (and into a `CrashLoopBackoff` state). If `etcd` comes up again then (without the `endpoint` controller) it might take some time until `kube-apiserver` gets restarted as well.

> (:warning: `.spec.settings.dependencyWatchdog.endpoint.enabled` is deprecated and will be removed in a future version of Gardener. Use `.spec.settings.dependencyWatchdog.weeder.enabled` instead.)   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: `.spec.settings.dependencyWatchdog.endpoint.enabled` is deprecated and will be removed in a future version of Gardener. Use `.spec.settings.dependencyWatchdog.weeder.enabled` instead.
  
```

## Dependency Watchdog

Gardenlet can deploy two instances of the [dependency-watchdog](https://github.com/gardener/dependency-watchdog) into the `garden` namespace of the seed cluster.

> One instance only activates the `endpoint` controller(a.k.a weeder) while the second instance only activates the `cluster` controller(a.k.a prober).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One instance only activates the `endpoint` controller (a.k.a weeder) while the second instance only activates the `cluster` controller (a.k.a prober).
```

### Endpoint Controller

The `endpoint` controller (weeder) helps to alleviate the delay where control plane components remain unavailable by finding the respective pods in CrashLoopBackoff status and restarting them once their dependants become ready and available again.
For example, if `etcd` goes down then also `kube-apiserver` goes down (and into a `CrashLoopBackoff` state). If `etcd` comes up again then (without the `endpoint` controller) it might take some time until `kube-apiserver` gets restarted as well.

(:warning: `.spec.settings.dependencyWatchdog.endpoint.enabled` is deprecated and will be removed in a future version of Gardener. Use `.spec.settings.dependencyWatchdog.weeder.enabled` instead.)   
It can be enabled/disabled via the `.spec.settings.dependencyWatchdog.endpoint.enabled` field.
It defaults to `true`.

> ### Cluster Controller

Reviewer 3: Semantically it is still a Probe controller. It does watch cluster objects but it does not reconcile cluster objects but only manages probes for each of the cluster objects. Therefore it would be appropriate to call it `Probe Controller`. You can revert this change from here and other places where you have made this change.

Author: okay

> ### Probe controller

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Probe Controller
```
Nit: All the other headlines of this doc write nouns with a capital letter at the beginning.

The `probe` controller scales down the `kube-controller-manager` of shoot clusters in case their respective `kube-apiserver` is not reachable via its external ingress.
This is in order to avoid melt-down situations since the `kube-controller-manager` uses in-cluster communication when talking to the `kube-apiserver`, i.e., it wouldn't be affected if the external access to the `kube-apiserver` is interrupted for whatever reason.
The `kubelet`s on the shoot worker nodes, however, would indeed be affected since they typically run in different networks and use the external ingress when talking to the `kube-apiserver`.
Hence, without scaling down `kube-controller-manager`, the nodes might be marked as `NotReady` and eventually replaced (since the `kubelet`s cannot report their status anymore).

> To prevent such unnecessary turbulences, `kube-controller-manager` is being scaled down until the external ingress becomes available again. Now as a precautionary measure, `machine-controller-manager` is also scaled down, and `cluster-autoscaler` which depends on 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To prevent such unnecessary turbulences, `kube-controller-manager` is being scaled down until the external ingress becomes available again. In addition, as a precautionary measure, `machine-controller-manager` is also scaled down, along with `cluster-autoscaler` which depends on 
```

> `machine-controller-manager` is scaled down as well.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`machine-controller-manager`.
```

This is in order to avoid melt-down situations since the `kube-controller-manager` uses in-cluster communication when talking to the `kube-apiserver`, i.e., it wouldn't be affected if the external access to the `kube-apiserver` is interrupted for whatever reason.
The `kubelet`s on the shoot worker nodes, however, would indeed be affected since they typically run in different networks and use the external ingress when talking to the `kube-apiserver`.
Hence, without scaling down `kube-controller-manager`, the nodes might be marked as `NotReady` and eventually replaced (since the `kubelet`s cannot report their status anymore).
To prevent such unnecessary turbulences, `kube-controller-manager` is being scaled down until the external ingress becomes available again. In addition, as a precautionary measure, `machine-controller-manager` is also scaled down, along with `cluster-autoscaler` which depends on 
`machine-controller-manager`.

> (:warning: `.spec.settings.dependencyWatchdog.probe.enabled` is deprecated and will be removed in a future version of Gardener. Use `.spec.settings.dependencyWatchdog.prober.enabled` instead.)   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: `.spec.settings.dependencyWatchdog.probe.enabled` is deprecated and will be removed in a future version of Gardener. Use `.spec.settings.dependencyWatchdog.prober.enabled` instead.

```

Reviewer: Also, adapt the headline of this section to `Prober`
